Add "Sign metadata with externally generated signature" page (#1770)
advancedtelematic/aktualizr: docs/ota-client-guide/modules/ROOT/pages/garage-sign-reference.adoc

`root get-unsigned`: Generates an unsigned `root.json` file in a canonical JSON form.

> `root increment-version`: Manually increments version of unsigned `root.json`.

Author: I still think it is better to specifically point out that `root increment-version` increment manually, because there are commands like `move-offline` of `root sign` which increment version on the fly automatically in certain cases.

[cols="15m,75a"]
|====================
| -k, --key-name | The path to the public key to use for signing.
| --old-root-alias | The path to the old public key needed for signing with external signatures.

> | --signatures | Key-value pairs in form `keyname=signature` for signing with externally generated signatures. `keyname` is the name of the key with which signature was generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --signatures | Key-value pairs in the `keyname=signature` form for signing with externally generated signatures. `keyname` is the name of the key that you used to generate a signature.
```

+++</div></details>+++

+++<details><summary>+++

> `targets [init|add|add-uploaded|delete|sign|pull|push|increment-version|get-unsigned|upload|delegations]`: (Only for repositories of type `reposerver`) Manages Targets metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`targets [init|add|add-uploaded|delete|sign|pull|push|increment-version|get-unsigned|upload|delegations]`: (Only for repositories of the `reposerver` type) Manages Targets metadata.
```

[cols="15m,75a"]
|====================
| --key-name | The path to the public key to use for signing.

> | --signatures | Key-value pairs in form `keyname=signature` for signing with externally generated signatures. `keyname` is the name of the key with which signature was generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --signatures | Key-value pairs in the `keyname=signature` form for signing with externally generated signatures. `keyname` is the name of the key that you used to generate a signature.
```

> | --version | The version number to use for the signed metadata. Overrides the version in the unsigned `targets.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --version | The version number to use for the signed metadata. Overrides the version in the unsigned `targets.json` file.
```

* xref:keep-local-repo-on-external-storage.adoc[Keep your repository on external storage]
* xref:rotating-signing-keys.adoc[Rotate keys for Root and Targets metadata]
* xref:finding-unsigned-metadata.adoc[Find the unsigned Root and Targets metadata]

> * xref:sign-with-external-signature.adoc[Sign metadata with externally generated signature]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:sign-with-external-signature.adoc[Sign metadata with an externally generated signature]
```
